Add new columns to SHOW DATABASES docs (#1549)
neo4j/neo4j-documentation: cypher/cypher-docs/src/docs/dev/deprecations-additions-and-compatibility.asciidoc

Not a syntax change but a semantic one.
The `EXECUTE BOOSTED` privilege will no longer include an implicit `EXECUTE` privilege when granted.
That means that to execute a procedure or a function with boosted privileges both `EXECUTE` and `EXECUTE BOOSTED` are needed.

a|
label:functionality[]
label:updated[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
SHOW DATABASES YIELD *
----
a|

> New columns have been added the result:

Reviewer: This sentence is a bit confusing. Did you mean adding new columns to the result or as the result, for instance?

Author: Yes, it is. I've added 'to'

* `creationTime`
* `lastStartTime`
* `lastStopTime`

> These columns are only returned in the full result set (with `YIELD`) and not by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These columns only return in the full result set (with `YIELD`) and not by default.
```

Author: To me, it sounds more correct the way I had it.
